TGEClassififcation is a collection of tools for automated classififcation of ORFs identified from PIT analysis.
Tools/Software pre-requisites: Python 3.6, panda 0.19, numpy, Bio-python, shell, R ( packages : seqinr,ada,nnet,randomForest,caret)
Files:
1. PASA assembled Transcript file
2. Transdecoder predicted ORFs
3. Reference proteome in fasta format from Uniprot.
4. Reference protein chromosome location tsv [You can download this file from uniprotkb by selecting 'proteomes' from 'Names and Taxonomy' section and downloading it as tsv file]
5. Contaminant fasta file is distributed (crap.fasta) along with this pipeline. You can use other contaminants fasta.
6. Modification txt file. Please follow the instruction from MSGF+ website to prepare the file.
7. Mass-spectra file in mfg format.
8. GFF3 file produced by PASA for visualization (optional)

Flowchart of the tools:

1. runProteinIdentificationAndPostProcessing_cluster.py with Transdecoder predicted ORFs [PIT Search]
2. runProteinIdentificationAndPostProcessing_cluster.py with Reference fasta [Standard Search]
3. PIT-DBData_processing.py for results from step 1.
4. standardSearchResultProcessing.py for results from step 2. 
5. runBlastBristol.sh for identified ORFs (pass filtered fasta file obtained from step 3)
6. contigStat.py - uses blast output from step 5
7. UniProteinLocation.py - uses output from previous step and reference protein chromosome location tsv file (file no. 4 from file list)
8. IdentifyProteinIsoformSAP.py - uses output from previous step and classify ORFs based on their BLAST mapping.
9. PreliminaryProteinAnnotationForPITDBV2.py - uses output file from step 7 and 8 to create a intermediate annotation file.
10. SplitAnnotationFile.py - uses annotation file generated by step 9 and create a more detailed annotation file.
11. if GFF3 file is available, annotationMatrix.py pass filtered protein csv file generated by step 3 and the GFF3 file (File no 8 from file list)
12. peptideEvidence.py - uses filtered PSM results from step 3 and the vcf output from 8 and find prptide evidence for the identified polymorphisms.
13. peptideEvidenceIsoforms.py - uses output from step 7, detailed annotation file from step 10 and filtered PSM csv file from step 3 to find isoform specific peptide evidence.
14. IsoformScoring.py - this tool uses filtered Amino acid fasta file and protein and peptide/PSM outputs from MSGF+ for PIT search (step 3) and standard search (step 4) and vcf files from step 12 and 13. This tool predicts the probability of variants.

 